Add a documentation section on performance (#3812)
Microsoft/MixedRealityToolkit-Unity: Documentation/Performance/PerfGettingStarted.md

# Performance

## Getting Started

If you are new to Unity performance analysis, there are some great resources that Unity provides that

> walks you through the general thought process of how to conduct a performance analysis, along with common

Reviewer: ```suggestion
walk you through the general thought process of how to conduct a performance analysis, along with common
```

pitfalls and recommendations. As other resources will say, there is no magic solution for performance issues
– every situation is unique – and digging into performance issues involves an iterative process where you
typically identify a problematic scenario, measure the problem (using some sort of profiling tool),
dig into the hotspots (using that profiling tool), test out a fix to that hotspot, and then repeat
until performance is within desired bounds.

> ### [Introduction to Unity performance optimization for beginners](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1e5WY2qf600)

Reviewer: links as document section headers seems a bit unusual. 

perhaps move the link to the word "video" in the following sentence

Author: I can just make these bold instead. I was looking to give each link a title + description, which this accomplishes.

> For people completely new to performance optimization, this is a great video to watch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For people completely new to performance optimization, this is a great video to watch.
```

[HoloLens device portal](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/mixed-reality/using-the-windows-device-portal). 
The rest of the guide, however, is helpful in setting up symbols when diving into the CPU view, along with a concrete set of things
that you can first try as you explore the WPA tools.

### Other Resources

As a platform built on Unity, all the other performance recommendations for building mixed reality experiences are relevant here:

* [Performance recommendations for Unity](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/mixed-reality/performance-recommendations-for-unity)
* [Performance recommendations for immersive headset apps](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/mixed-reality/performance-recommendations-for-immersive-headset-apps)
* [Performance recommendations for HoloLens apps](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/mixed-reality/performance-recommendations-for-hololens-apps)

## Common Considerations

### Use Single Pass Instanced Rendering 

This recommendation is called out in 
[other](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/mixed-reality/performance-recommendations-for-immersive-headset-apps)

> resources, but is worth repeating here because enabling this is crucial for performant MRTK apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resources, but is worth repeating here because enabling this is crucial for performant mixed reality apploications.
```

> resources, but is worth repeating here because enabling this is crucial for performant MRTK apps.

Author: ```suggestion
resources, but is worth repeating here because enabling this is crucial for performant mixed reality applications.
```

turning on this option has saved ~5ms per frame (and when there is a budget of 16.6ms per frame in order
to achieve 60 FPS, this is clearly a massive improvement). 

Note that in order to enable this rendering option, it's possible that you may need to update your shaders
to support single pass instanced rendering. See the “Adding Single Pass Stereo rendering support to
Shaders” section of this [resource](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/SinglePassStereoRendering.html)
for more details. All the built-in MRTK shaders already support single pass instanced rendering.
Other packages may not (for example, Text Mesh Pro shaders).

## Visual Profiler 

The MRTK provides a Visual Profiler, which provides information about the current FPS and memory usage.

It is useful as a tool to identify overall areas for further investigation (for example, if you notice that
looking at specific parts of your experience cause memory to spike or FPS to tank, it can be helpful to
identify that overall part of your app to dig further into). However, it is recommended to turn the
profiler off when doing deeper dives in performance (when you already know what areas aren’t performant),

> as the profiler itself adds overhead to the scene. Ultimately when your app ships, it won’t have this

Reviewer: developers will need to turn the diagnostic system off in their profile before shipping. maybe link to the diags documentation or repeat the guidance from there?

Author: Yoyo left the same feedback - I can add this once it's all there.
